CakeFest 2012
=============

CakeFest 2012 will be in Manchester, UK. With the huge success of last
year, combined with the low cost accommodation and great location for
travellers, we couldn't pass up bringing it to Manchester for another
year!

CakeFest is the annual CakePHP Conference. It brings together
developers, users, and interested parties from all over the world for
a four day event filled with workshops, talks, dinners, social events
and plenty of fun!

If you are interested in giving a talk at CakeFest, we still have
submissions open! Just head over to the `CakeFest`_, sign up and
submit your talk proposal via your account page! We're open to anyone
for submissions, and we'd love to hear your ideas!

Tickets are on sale now! Head over to the `CakeFest`_ website for
ticketing information.

Do you work for or own a business that would benefit from the unique
exposure that comes from being a CakeFest Conference Sponsor? We're
currently seeking sponsors for CakeFest 2012, to help us realise a
great event and continue the tradition of the awesome CakeFest
conference experience. We need the help of the community to spread
awareness of the event, and seek out sponsors to support our annual
conference. Please email sponsors@cakefest.org for more details.

CakeFest is organised into two sections; the first two days are for
workshops, in which CakePHP core contributors conduct lesson style
courses where attendees learn about CakePHP at either a beginner or
intermediate to advanced level. This selective in-person training is a
great way to learn CakePHP, refresh your skills, or to learn new
techniques and advanced approaches to boost your development. Taking
training at CakeFest is a unique experience, and attendees are
rewarded with a certificate issued by the Cake Software Foundation
upon completion.

The second part of CakeFest is the conference. This is comprised of a
series of talks given by the core developers, community members, and
mixed in with lightning talks which enable anyone attending to jump up
and talk about a topic! We also conduct a Core Panel discussion, in
which you can talk directly to the core developers, and we challenge
their knowledge in a public arena!

In amongst all the days of serious (fun) learning, we have social
events organised to keep you busy and to provide a great way to
network with fellow developers and make new friends!

Check out the `CakeFest`_ website, and don't miss out on tickets!


.. _CakeFest: https://cakefest.org

.. author:: predominant
.. categories:: news
.. tags:: conference,cakefest,News

